
BIG SPONGEY TITS
(it's spongebob with breasts)

episode one: "it's not a porn parody i swear"

PRELUDE. SANDY CHEEKS FUCKING KILLS A MAN
sillouette of sandy cheeks carrying a shovel
she then walks up to a person in a bag and BASHES THE SHOVEL INTO THEM
Sandy: (with a bloody shovel) I JUST FUCKING KILLED A MAN!
she then takes a sip of a mountain dew
Sandy: Nothing beats killing people like an ice cold Mountain Dew!
then the mountain dew logo pops up with the slogan “Tastes better than the blood of your victims!”

CUT TO BLACK.

ACT ONE, PART ONE – ENTER SPONGEBAZONGAS
CUT TO A BAR. Wingdings text in the corner for 24 frames (one second) that reads “7:10 PM, August 18, 3027 AD.” PatBong is drunk as all goddamn motherfuck while SpongeBazongas (who’s his designated driver – despite only kind of being able to drive) is just eating some fuckin chicken wings
the tv in the corner of the room suddenly cuts from the show (which is represented by blinking comic sans text reading “EXTRA SEXY HENTAI WITH LARGE DICK”) that is being played to a breaking news broadcast:
the murderspree has not only gotten worse, but has reached a critical point – the 300th person in the past year has gone missing in the same isolated area of cumfish fields, and police say it is currently unknown how or why it is happening
patbong is pissed that the show was cut off and takes off his fuckin shorts revealing his micropenis for all to see. (blurred ofc because Funny.)
spongebazongas decides he has had enough booze and tells him to put his pants back on
CUT to car (not boat I think it would be funnier if it’s a car)
spongebazongas tries to engage in conversation with a fucking Smashed patbong
“did you hear sandy got arrested again?”
“akjfnsjk whahttbha thwa that athwat was that? What happened?”
“sandy got arrested again. Murder charges. Gahahahahaa!”
“sounds hot”


Silence.


CUT to spongebazongas' house with playing family guy music, have this section play out like a family guy clip
spongebazongas: "hey patbong remember the time that i was sus"
patbong: *silence, still fucking hammered*
awkward pause to act as a placeholder to a cutaway, dont actually cutaway though just have them sit in silence again
patbong: [drunk babbling, represented by the tts SWASWASWASWASWASWASWASWASWASWASWA]
LAUGH TRACK (this is now a big bang theory episode)

sheldon walks in
sheldon: spongebazongas more like spongebazinga
sheldon then dies
spongebazongas: sheldon is dead now i killed him with my large breasts
sandy “kill it with a shovel” cheeks walks in, apparently having broken out of prison
sandy: next time you need to kill a man call me, i have a shovel
patbong, suddenly sober quotes albert einsteins theory of relativity and then screams “THERE IS A BOMB.” there is no bomb but it is meg griffin from the famous FOX television show family guy,
cut to like the exact same shot with no difference other than a png of Meg Griffin is now there
patbong is fucking screaming understandably

the louder patbong screams, the larger meg gets until she supernovas and kil
ls everyone within a lightyear of the explosion
the kablam theme song starts to play loudly
henry from kablam says his famous catchphrase: "yowza!"

the universe then suddenly reappears as new (as it was before), but with one difference: earth is now the closest planet to the sun. thankfully, nobody is dead because the sun is also 200 percent smaller and also shaped like a massive intergalactic nutshack

it’s the nutshack
it’s the nutshack
it’s the nutshack
it’s the nutsack

squidward squidward: give me a glizzy. that’s the joke. glizzy. penis penis penis--
squidward squidward is then knocked out by sandy with her bloody shovel
Sandy: Glizzies. So good you’ll kill a person!
a logo pops up, sandy then proceeds to frequently attack squidward during the jingle.
patbong walks in carrying alcohol and smoking a blunt
he looks at what is going on and then walks out, unfazed.

we then cut to the barg n mart, plankton is shopping for fish.
“the barg n mart
meeting all of your murderous needs!”
crazysponge pops up out of nowhere
crazysponge: READ THE [NAME AND ADDRESS WITHHELD] OR DIE--
plankton then somehow manages to crush crazysponge with a house
plankton: how unproductive.
sheldon j plankton is now golfpecks256, except not a penguin.
sandy cheeks walks in with a shovel and then smashes it into the wall out of anger, not even seeing crazysponge in the room
a stock photo of a penguin phases into the room, with like some funny effect idk, and then screams “I WILL PROVE THAT THE PRODUCTIVITY MANIFESTO WORKS! STALIN’S DOG! REPENT TO THE LORD!”
plankton: IMPOSTER! I read the COMMUNIST manifesto!
golfpecks: That is not the correct manifesto, fuzzball.
plankton: YOU!
golfpecks: YOU!
plankton: YOU!
golf: YOU!
sandy cheeks then walks over
sandy: YOU!
sandy then proceeds to smash both of them to goop with a mountain dew shovel.

cut to credits
credits are together forever by rick astley sped up to the point of being unrecognizable