Big Spongey Tits is a spin off created by Ian in 2020. It stars SpongeBazongas going on big-breasted adventures with her well endowed, drug fueled best friend, Patrick the Living Hemp Plant (who is not actually a living hemp plant), in the not-so-different year 2057. The theme song to the series is the Lemon Demon song "Two Trucks," off his 2014 EP Nature Tapes, and the credits theme is loud moaning sound effects played over a jazzy instrumental cover of the Ghostbusters theme.
Characters

SpongeBazongas SquarePanties - the main character of the show. she is similar to SpongeBob SquarePants except has massive fucking breasts

Patrick the Living Hemp Plant - SpongeBazongas' best friend. not actually a living hemp plant, but actually a massive 27 inch dildo that came to life one day by magic and then rose from its capitalist oppression under its original owner. now lives alone in a lovely apartment complex

Sandy Ass Cheeks - pretty much the same as Sandy Cheeks but with "Ass" as her middle name and that's the only real difference. also she has a very intense interest in shovels

Squidward Tentacles - a pretentious artist who has an even more intense interest in shovels than Sandy A. Cheeks does, however it is strongly hinted that he uses them to murder people (while Ms. Cheeks clearly does not, and rather just likes shovels)

Squidward's Omniscient Ballsack - a scrotum in a jar that used to be attached to Squidward's groin area before it gained sentience and ascended to another state of being. it is now being kept alive in a jar and is a weird sort of god for its followers, and it appears to know everything. there is one thing it does not know: what does 39+82 equal?

The Church of Nuts - the followers of Squidward's Omniscient Ballsack. they are not exactly a cult, however they worship "the Mighty Testes" as they call it pretty strongly

Bill - the owner of the local hardware store. he is very confused and somewhat concerned as to why the shovels keep selling out, and it is assumed he does not have a last name